sister-in-law
slutty
Sao Sao, where have you been? Sao Sao
Every time a woman leaves you
Do you do this
How is that possible?
My sister-in-law is no ordinary woman
Want some?
Drink to relieve worries
Anything else?
You like drinking so much
Is it because you also have someone you like to care about?
He likes the way I drink
Forget it.
Don't be too sad, let's go.
Why are you still here?
The handsome calls you to eat together, where are you throwing your legs?
I wanna go.
What's wrong with you?
You weren't this bored before, were you?
What's that?
I don't want to work for the boss anymore
I want to find my sister-in-law, are you stupid?
Working for the big boss has a bright future
Are you worth it for such a woman?
know
I figured it out.
I'm leaving tonight
My sister-in-law gave me this life
If I can't even protect him
What use do I want this glory and wealth?
Why don't you think about it again?
Daqiang, listen to me
Don't tell him about the commander
He won't let me go
And lying to the commander is a deadly crime
Brothers for so many years
Even if you kill me, I have to help you
Thanks bro
president
Excuse me.
I have so much gambling debt I can't help it